I'm going to start with the meringue how
they used to get that's all now so for
the meringue this is the Narayan roulade
I've got four egg whites and a sciences
of caster sugar I'm just going to whisk
up the egg whites or you could miss them
in the math you mix but I need this for
the hazelnuts in a second
I want the egg whites just changed
colour slightly as in the sugar so four
egg whites to a science as a caster
sugar with 225 grams like you but I
often think of them this in Imperial
measurements because poor egg whites a
chance of caster sugar easy soo good to
whisk this up until it's nice and stiff
and then I'm going to actually fold in a
bit of desiccated coconut you know talk
to you but this is just gonna turn this
plain meringue into your coconut
meringue which is nice for a change
you could only stir in after its whisked
up instead of the coconut you could
always turn some instant coffee powder
to make a coffee meringue that would be
delicious I'm going to put lemon curd
and cream and some raspberries in the
center but if you're making a coffee
meringue maybe you could put some whisky
flavored cream in or brandy favorite
cream in a quart adult dinner party
and it's flourless absolutely
so I'm actually proved these recipes are
today flourless which is not which I
didn't either do purposely but a lot of
people do say and all the people are
trying either to kind of hold back on
the reefs a little bit and this has
happened to be two recipes that are
wireless so keyboards in this for a few
more minutes can ski backseat riskiness
thank you I'm just going to well Trish
is whisking up here the egg whites and
the sugar I'm going to make the lemon
curd and the slime encourage recipe all
these recipes are in my new book of fake
and this lemon curd is easy it's so easy
to make it could be turned into orange
curd it could be turned into lemon and
lime curd wonderful as I said earlier
building on pancakes toast ice cream
just to have in a jar in your fridge and
this will keep for by 2 or 3 weeks in
your fridge in a jar as long as the jar
is a sterilized jar so make sure your
jar has been sterilized in an oven and
I've been above 100 degrees for more
than 10 minutes the jars clean and
sterilized this lemon curd will keep and
lovely lovely gift you know you're going
to someone price over Christmas to bring
them a little jar of something or cake
or something I'm really I think edible
gifts are for those the great thing is
you know it's up to what's coming to
them he says no sandwiches no calories
no calories
okay in this one but by the point 75
grams a busser 75 grams of sugar but
it's healthy because this vitamin C the
grated zest in juice of 3 or sorry two
lemons or three smaller lemons and so
they go to put in two eggs and one egg
yolk and I've just melted the butter I'm
turning the pop down to low I want this
to be a nice low heat that this cooks on
and then I'm going to ours in the two
eggs one egg yolk tiny bit more baby yes
thank you
you made lemon pies at home
do you just make that meadow jeans
favorite with say Ross Chris as well
transfer juice juice liquid eyes the
raspberries yes and then strained that
would be gorgeous in this meringue there
we go
fantastic do you mind if I come back to
this thank you ready I think
just just till take us Timmy
fantastic okay a little bit of
desiccated coconut and just fold it in
really nice and gently you don't want to
lose any air fantastic once you fold it
in gently I'm glad it happened to her
not me
see the mess that I make on everything
at home and then tipis it's you add it
to a Swiss royal tin that you have lined
with a piece of tin foil or parchment
paper if it's tin foil just make sure
you brush it with a little bit of oil I
could taste this oil not an olive oil
you know but like a sunflower
or peanut oil there and then just spread
it out
this is going to take just about 12 to
15 minutes to cook so what this cooked
I'll need to take a large and cool is
quite quickly right
fantastic
yeah yeah thank you
I will need to use this one in a few
minutes so we'll keep an eye that thank
you
you can repeat areum in 20 minutes
lovely 1550 thing now it's gonna be our
laptop thank you
I won't blame you if anything happens
right so while the meringue is cooking
and disease get back to the lemon curds
I haven't said I think what I did was I
melted the butter the sugars in here to
the grated zest and the juice remember
of the two lemons went in here as well
and then I'm going to add in two eggs
and one egg you because I just whisked
up slightly and I'm just going to stand
and stir this on the heat for about five
minutes until it thickens and then
that's it that Sakura is made that's all
lemon curd is you could make a queue to
be back to this this is just going to be
enough just to pull onto the meringue
but you could make 10 times this recipe
easily absolutely easily so this is it
needs to be cooked on a little gentle
low heat because you've got so many egg
yolks in here you're going to get a rich
lemony sweet scrambled egg if you
overheat this
and I'm sorry because you were saying if
you don't eat eggs you don't eat eggs
and those eggs and everything I'm making
today he can't make an egg less lemon
curd which it is always instead of the
lemon curd meringue is the problem well
you can make a lemon a lemon butter or a
lemon creme fraiche but it's the
meringue
what can we do
i I don't know if they're an egg
replacement that you can egg wise
replacement that you can use in my Ryan
do you know is there something no I
don't know of one can I just show you
just now before this starts to cook
did you see the lemon curds it's runny
well it's kind of like a double cream at
the moment in about five minutes this
one have thickens and then I'll just
take it out to the saucepan put into a
bowl allow it to cool and that'll be
ready then to spread on to the meringue
or on to your toast in the morning
delicious and tangy first thing in the
morning or your pancakes or as Trish did
last night with a lemon curd and I'm a
density of our ice cream would be nice
more definite ice cream or is it just
like you just drizzled it in I tell you
what is nice is furnance the fake we
take so if you do a nice paste apple
maybe to have a baked apples and stuff
at this is lovely
apricots and dried fruits and then just
about
lemon curd and then pour it over the top
oh yeah since my sweet cherry wintery
deserves miss lemon Craig's acidic
cooked but I am making sure that I'm
staring at the whole time this is gonna
handy this flat bottoms win the Spears
there's gonna getting into all the edges
of this sort but but I am making sure
that it's not scrambling anywhere if it
looks like it's catching you do when you
are scrambling eggs it starts to
scramble and if that happens here you
just these take a little thick you
should immediately maybe just push it
through a sieve to get rid of this
little scramble bit but this is nearly
there so I'm not going to leave it let's
just go to it it is so quick anything
what if you need to leave the sauce but
if your phone rings or something just
take it off the yeast go off come back
and it'll be fine but just don't be much
bother heat
and the duck she is you know it's the
easiest thing the hardest working here
really is the grating of the zesting
they'll be the zesting and the juicing
of the lemons but as I said you can make
it with orange and oranges instead or
lemon half lime is nice too all
warming's nearly there
you could use it also for a mining for a
talk yeah absolutely
into chakras pastry or in lovely eleven
times that classic quad right and then
you caramelize maybe the blowtorch
trailer yeah I love we think to do as
well with lemon carrot is to them if you
have leftover meringues not a soft
meringue in a Swiss relative like I'm
making but you don't leftover a drier
meringues in the outside boxing here
they've been there for a few weeks and
you need a quick ready-made dessert well
what you can do is six and lemon Paris
break-up meringues a little bit of
softening whipped cream or a Greek
yogurt or creme fraiche fold it all
together and it's like an Eton Mess if
you can imagine without the strawberries
and and either just service and little
cups of glasses like that dusted with a
bit of icing sugar and little mentally
together potted up of it it'll look
gorgeous
or you could actually even freeze that
and services are frozen desserts and
it's lovely if you are freezing ish you
can put it into a lift in that you've
lined with a double layer of cling film
freeze up like us
take it out peel off the cling film cut
it into slices and you got a lovely
little lemon meringue parfait you could
call it okay the lemon curd is cooked
it's thickened and that I don't know if
you can see then you see that in the
mirror
you see hearts thickens
and I'll show you as well here
can you see it skirting the back of this
food you can tell it to go to the back
of a spoon if you kind of run your
finger through it it leaves them are
right so what I'm going to do is I'm
just going to empty that into this bowl
actually I'll put under there so it'll
cool quickly so I might just Church
would you mind just tearing this every
so often just do it Clinic schools
quick really ish because I'm going to
use this for the meringue that will
hopefully be kudzu how we doing
now about seven minutes you just
something trans again or another about
seven minutes another seven and a half
minutes ish no I think you're right so
that is seven or so minutes